1 Gold Unit:

Haunter (Strength: 1)
    If this unit is discarded in combat before or during the Resolution step, you may instead claim this card as a Reward with the following text : "Discard this card during the Resolution step to add 1 strength to a participating friendly unit.". Discard this card during the next End of Combat step.
    Resolution: Discard an other participating friendly unit to add 1 strength to this unit.


2 Gold Unit:

Poltergeist (Strength: 2)
    If this unit is discarded in combat before or during the Resolution step, you may immediately wound an opposing unit or destroy a wounded opposing unit. (There must be an opposing unit to trigger this ability.)
    When played: Discard an other participating friendly unit to wound an opposing unit or destroy a wounded opposing unit. (There must be an opposing unit to trigger this ability.)


3 Gold Units:

Faceless (Strength: 3)
    If this unit is discarded in combat before or during the Resolution step, you may draw a card after resolving all other ongoing abilities.
    When played: Discard an other participating friendly unit to draw a card.

Lost soul (Strength: 3)
    If this unit is discarded in combat before or during the Resolution step, you may immediately choose a player. The player draw a card, then discard a card at random. If you choose yourself and discard a Fallen unit, you may trigger its ability as if it was discarded in combat.
    When played: Choose a player. The player draw a card, then discard a card at random. If you choose yourself and discard a Fallen unit, you may trigger its ability as if it was discarded in combat.


5 Gold Unit:

Wraith (Strength: 4)
    If this unit is discarded in combat before or during the Resolution step, you may immediately look at the top 3 cards of your deck, then discard any number of these cards and put back the rest on top of your deck in any order.
    When played: Discard any other participating friendly/opposing unit that can be immediately destroyed. If "Wraith" discards a friendly unit, look at the top 3 cards of your deck, then discard any number of these cards and put back the rest on top of your deck in any order.


6 Gold Legendary Unit:

Revenants Army (Strength: 3)
    Every time a card is discarded by an ability of a friendly unit, you can exclude it from play instead of returning it to a discard pile. When this unit is discarded or destroyed, return all cards excluded by this unit to the discard pile of their respective owners.
    Resolution: Add 1 strength to this unit for each card excluded by this unit.